Add record editor documentation (#292)
wso2/ballerina-plugin-vscode: docs/record-editor/readme.md

> # Editing records graphically with Ballerina

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Edit records graphically with Ballerina
```
We don't use the `-ing` form in Ballerina documentation.

Author: Fixed by: https://github.com/wso2/ballerina-plugin-vscode/pull/292/commits/8f2d5aca39c03a3676908fcf77d1fa51af369644

> Record is the type system introduced by the ballerina language to hold data by a user. Users can use records when they want to define their data schemas. Once the records are created users can easily manipulate data inside a user programme.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Record is the type system introduced by the Ballerina language to hold data by a user. You can use records when you want to define data schemas. Once the records are created, you can easily manipulate data inside a program.
```

Author: Fixed by: https://github.com/wso2/ballerina-plugin-vscode/pull/292/commits/8f2d5aca39c03a3676908fcf77d1fa51af369644

> Ballerina is a multi-paradigm language. You can define records in an imperative manner with Ballerina. On top of that, the Ballerina VS Code plugin comes with record editing capabilities, which will help users to edit records graphically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ballerina is a multi-paradigm language. You can define records in an imperative manner with Ballerina. On top of that, the Ballerina VS Code plugin comes with record editing capabilities, which will help you to edit records graphically.
```

Author: Fixed by: https://github.com/wso2/ballerina-plugin-vscode/pull/292/commits/8f2d5aca39c03a3676908fcf77d1fa51af369644

> In the record editor, users have the ability to create a record from scratch or create a record by importing a JSON.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the record editor, you have the ability to create a record from scratch or create a record by importing a JSON.
```

Author: Fixed by: https://github.com/wso2/ballerina-plugin-vscode/pull/292/commits/8f2d5aca39c03a3676908fcf77d1fa51af369644

## Set up the prerequisites

1. Install the latest versions of [Ballerina](https://ballerina.io/downloads/) and [Ballerina Visual Studio Code plugin](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=wso2.ballerina).

2. Execute the command below to create a package (if you are not already working on one).

    ```bash
    bal new convert
    ```

3. Open the created package in VS Code.

> ### Create a record from scratch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Create a record from scratch
```
Add an H2 named `Create a record` and add the 2 sub-topics of the 2 methods of creating under it.

Author: Fixed by: https://github.com/wso2/ballerina-plugin-vscode/pull/292/commits/8f2d5aca39c03a3676908fcf77d1fa51af369644

> 1. Navigate to the record editor please select **Create New** option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to the record editor and select **Create New**.
```

Author: Fixed by: https://github.com/wso2/ballerina-plugin-vscode/pull/292/commits/8f2d5aca39c03a3676908fcf77d1fa51af369644

![Create new record](images/create-new.gif "Create new record via record editor")

> 2. In order to provide a record name, Please double-click on the default record name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Double click the default record name to change it.
```
It is a best practice to avoid the word `please` in technical documentation.

Author: Fixed by: https://github.com/wso2/ballerina-plugin-vscode/pull/292/commits/8f2d5aca39c03a3676908fcf77d1fa51af369644

![Change record name](images/change-record-name.png "Change record name via record editor")

> 3. Use the plus button at the end to add new fields to the record.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Click the plus button at the end to add new fields to the record.
```

Author: Fixed by: https://github.com/wso2/ballerina-plugin-vscode/pull/292/commits/8f2d5aca39c03a3676908fcf77d1fa51af369644

>**Info:** Use the expressions tab in the record editor to create nested records by selecting the particular record expression.

![Add fields](images/add-fields.gif "Add fields to a record")

> 4. In order to add default values please select the semicolon(;) of a field and select the default value expression.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Select the semicolon(;) of a field and select the default value expression to add default values.
```

Author: Fixed by: https://github.com/wso2/ballerina-plugin-vscode/pull/292/commits/8f2d5aca39c03a3676908fcf77d1fa51af369644

![Add default value](images/default-value.gif "Add default value to a field")

> 5. Users have the ability switch between open and closed records as shown below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Switch between the open and closed records as shown below.
```

Author: Fixed by: https://github.com/wso2/ballerina-plugin-vscode/pull/292/commits/8f2d5aca39c03a3676908fcf77d1fa51af369644

![Open Close](images/open-close-switch.gif "Switch between Open and Closed records")

> 6. Once the record field configuration is done, please click save.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Once the record field configuration is done, click **Save**.
```

Author: Fixed by: https://github.com/wso2/ballerina-plugin-vscode/pull/292/commits/8f2d5aca39c03a3676908fcf77d1fa51af369644

![Save create new record](images/save-create-new.gif "Save the newly created record")

### Create a record by importing a JSON

> #### Prerequisites

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Set up the prerequisites
```
Be consistent with the topics. Also, please check the heading levels. The `Set up prerequisites` heading before is a H2.

* Create a file with the data below in JSON format.

    >**Info:** The example below converts a `person` and a list of `courses` to a `student` record. 

    ```json
    {
        "person": {
            "id": 1001,
            "firstName": "Vinnie",
            "lastName": "Hickman",
            "age": 15
        },
        "course": [
            {
                "id": "CS6002",
                "name": "Computation Structures",
                "credits": 4
            },
            {
                "id": "CS6003",
                "name": "Circuits and Electronics",
                "credits": 3
            },
            {
                "id": "CS6004",
                "name": "Signals and Systems",
                "credits": 3
            }
        ]
    }
    ```

> In ballerina language, it provides an option for users to bring their JSONs and easily convert those JSONs into record definitions. Please use the following steps to create a record from a JSON.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Ballerina language provides an option to convert JSON files into record definitions. Follow the steps below to create a record from a JSON.
```

Author: Fixed by: https://github.com/wso2/ballerina-plugin-vscode/pull/292/commits/8f2d5aca39c03a3676908fcf77d1fa51af369644

> 1. Once you navigate to the record editor please select **Import A JSON** option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the record editor, selct the **Import A JSON** option.
```

> 2. Then provide a name for the record.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Provide a name for the record.
```

Author: Fixed by: https://github.com/wso2/ballerina-plugin-vscode/pull/292/commits/8f2d5aca39c03a3676908fcf77d1fa51af369644

> 3. Then provide the sample JSON by either typing on the text area or by choosing the file created from the file selector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Provide the sample JSON by either typing on the text area or by choosing the file created from the file selector.
```

> 4. In order to make separate ballerina record definitions please check **Make Separate Record Definitions**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Select **Make Separate Record Definitions** to create separate Ballerina record definitions.
```

Author: Fixed by: https://github.com/wso2/ballerina-plugin-vscode/pull/292/commits/8f2d5aca39c03a3676908fcf77d1fa51af369644

![Import a JSON](images/import-JSON.gif "Import a JSON from record editor and covert to a record")

> 5. Then use the preview of the created record to further edit the created records and click save once editing is complete.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Use the preview of the created record to edit the created records further, and click **Save** once editing is complete.
```
